Add LangSmith sandbox integration guide for Deep Agents (#4374)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/python/integrations/sandboxes/langsmith.mdx

---
title: "LangSmith sandbox integration"
description: "Integrate with the LangSmithSandbox type using LangChain Python."
---

LangSmith sandboxes are sandbox environments that LangChain manages for you, so there is no separate provider account, billing, or infrastructure to set up. They are the zero-setup default for running agent code, while third-party providers such as Daytona and Modal remain available when you want to bring your own. Because they are part of the LangChain platform, you manage them alongside your other LangSmith resources. For setup, snapshots, service URLs, and the auth proxy, see the [LangSmith Sandboxes docs](/langsmith/sandboxes).

<Note>

> LangSmith sandboxes are in private beta. Contact the LangChain team to request access.

Reviewer: wrong right?

Reviewer 2: yes, you can just use them but you do need to be on the Plus or Enterprise plans to use them. No need to reach out to the team

> </Note>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Installation

<CodeGroup>
```bash pip
pip install "langsmith[sandbox]" deepagents
```

```bash uv
uv add "langsmith[sandbox]" deepagents
```
</CodeGroup>

## Set your API key

```bash
export LANGSMITH_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

`SandboxClient()` reads this key from the environment, so no further configuration is required.

## Create a sandbox backend

Create a LangSmith sandbox with `SandboxClient`, then wrap it in @[LangSmithSandbox] to run it as a [Deep Agents backend](/oss/deepagents/backends).

```python
from deepagents.backends.langsmith import LangSmithSandbox
from langsmith.sandbox import SandboxClient

client = SandboxClient()
ls_sandbox = client.create_sandbox()
backend = LangSmithSandbox(sandbox=ls_sandbox)

result = backend.execute("echo hello")
print(result.output)

# Delete the sandbox when you are done (see Clean up)
client.delete_sandbox(ls_sandbox.name)
```

## Use with Deep Agents

> Pass the backend to @[create_deep_agent] along with a chat model such as @[ChatAnthropic], then invoke the agent. The `try`/`finally` block deletes the sandbox even if the run fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pass the backend to @[create_deep_agent] along with a chat model such as @[ChatAnthropic], then invoke the agent. The `try`/`finally` block deletes the sandbox when the try blog finishes or an error occurs.
```
